1987년, 세계 환경 개발 위원회는 미래 세대의 필요를 충족시키는 능력을 방해하지 않고 현재 세대의 필요를 충족시키는 발전을 하는 것을 지속 가능한 발전을 의미한다고 정의했습니다. 
In 1987, the World Council on Environmental Development (WCED) defined sustainable development as meaning development that meets the needs of the present generation without hindering the ability to satisfy the needs of future generations.

2015년 모든 유엔 회원국이 채택한 2030년 지속 가능한 발전 의제는 현재와 미래의 사람들과 지구에 평화와 번영을 위한 공유된 청사진을 제공합니다. 
The 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development, adopted by all United Nations Member States in 2015, provides a shared blueprint for peace and prosperity for people and the planet, now and into the future.

그 중심에는 17개의 지속 가능한 발전 목표(SDGs)가 있는데, 이 목표는 전 세계적인 동반자 관계에서 개발되고 개발되고 있는 모든 국가들이 행동을 취해야 할 긴급한 요구입니다. 
At its heart are the 17 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), which are an urgent call for action by all countries - developed and developing - in a global partnership.

그들은 기후 변화를 해결하고 우리의 해양과 숲을 보존하기 위해 노력하는 동안, 빈곤을 종식시키는 것과 다른 박탈이 건강과 교육을 개선하고 불평등을 줄이고 경제 성장을 촉진하는 전략과 함께 이루어져야 한다는 것을 인식하고 있습니다.
They recognize that ending poverty and other deprivations must go hand-in-hand with strategies that improve health and education, reduce inequality, and spur economic growth - all while tackling climate change and working to preserve our oceans and forests.

파리협정은 2015년 12월 12일 프랑스 파리에서 열린 유엔기후변화회의(COP21)에서 196개 당사국이 법적 구속력 있는 국제조약으로 채택하여 2016년 11월 4일 발효되었으며, "지구의 평균기온을 산업화 이전 수준보다 훨씬 낮게 유지"하고 "산업화 이전 수준보다 기온 상승을 1.5℃로 제한"하는 것을 최우선 목표로 하고 있습니다. 
The Paris Agreement was adopted by 196 parties as a legally binding international treaty at the United Nations Climate Change Conference (COP21) in Paris, France, on December 12, 2015, and came into force on November 4, 2016, with the overriding goal of "keeping the average global temperature well below pre-industrial levels" and "limiting the temperature rise to 1.5℃ above pre-industrial levels."

이는 유엔의 기후변화에 관한 정부간 패널(기후변화에 관한 정부간 패널)이 1.5℃를 초과할 경우 가뭄, 폭염, 강우 등 기후변화 영향이 더욱 빈번하고 심각할 위험이 있기 때문입니다. 
This is because if the UN's Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change) exceeds 1.5℃, climate change impacts such as drought, heatwaves and rainfall are more frequent and at risk of seriousness.

지구온난화를 1.5℃로 제한하려면 늦어도 2025년 이전에 온실가스 배출량이 정점에 달하고 2030년까지 43% 감소해야 합니다. 
To limit global warming to 1.5℃, greenhouse gas emissions must peak before 2025 at the latest and fall by 43% by 2030.

그림은 탄소 감축과 넷 제로의 현재 대비 가속 감축 시나리오를 보여줍니다. 
Figure shows the scenarios for accelerated reductions compared to the present for carbon reduction and for Net Zero.

두 시나리오 모두 CO2e 배출량은 코로나 이전 수준 이상으로 증가합니다. 
CO2e emissions in both scenarios increase above pre-Covid levels. 

가속 배출량과 넷 제로 배출량은 2020년대 초반과 2050년에 각각 약 75%와 95%로 2019년 수준을 밑돌고 있습니다.
Emissions in Accelerated and Net Zero peak in the early 2020s and by 2050 are around 75% and 95% below 2019 levels respectively. 

뉴모멘텀의 CO2e 배출량은 2020년대 후반과 2050년에 정점을 이루며 2019년 수준을 약 20% 밑돌고 있습니다.
CO2e emissions in New Momentum peak in the late 2020s and by 2050 are around 20% below 2019 levels.

지속가능한 발전을 위한 노력의 일환으로 전 세계적으로 기후위기에 대응하기 위해 탄소중립을 추구하고 있으나, 현재의 노력으로는 기온 상승  1.5℃ 이하 목표 달성이 어렵고, 전 세계적인 규모의 탄소중립 활동을 더욱 강화해야 합니다. 
As a part of our efforts for sustainable development, we are pursuing carbon neutrality to cope with the climate crisis worldwide, but it is difficult to achieve the goal of below 1.5℃ with temperature increases alone, and we need to further strengthen carbon neutrality activities on a global scale.

그림은 전 세계 1차 에너지원의 사용 추이와 향후 전망을 보여주고 있습니다.
Figure shows trends in the use of primary energy sources around the world and future projections.

일부 국가 및 지역에서는 에너지 부족과 경제성장에 대한 대책으로 화석 유래 에너지의 사용이 일정 비율로 지속될 것으로 예상되며, 천연가스는 에너지 전환 과정에서 중요한 역할을 할 것으로 예상되고 있습니다. 
In some countries and regions, the use of fossil-derived energy is expected to continue at a certain rate as a countermeasure for energy shortages and economic growth, and natural gas is expected to play an important role in the energy conversion process.

화석 유래 에너지원은 향후 20년간 약 4분의 1 정도 감소할 것으로 예상되며, 순 제로 에너지 사회 구축 수요로 인해 재생 에너지는 약 60%로 6배 이상 성장할 것으로 예상되며, 이 외에도 에너지 안보 측면에서 재생 에너지, 가스, 액체 연료 등 다양한 에너지원의 활용이 예상됩니다.
Fossil-derived energy sources are expected to decrease by about a quarter over the next 20 years, and renewables will grow more than sixfold to about 60% due to the demand for building a net zero energy society. In addition, the use of various energy sources such as renewable energy, gas, and liquid fuel is expected from the viewpoint of energy security.

화석 또는 원자력 에너지는 고효율 변환 장치를 통해 전력으로 변환하여 근거리에서 대량 소비 지역까지 공급함으로써 효율적으로 사용되고 있습니다. 반면에 대용량 저장 및 장기 저장을 할 수 있는 마땅한 방안의 부족으로 전력 피크 사용량에 대비하여 상당량의 예비 전력을 확보하여 운영해야 하는 비효율적인 요소가 존재하고 있습니다.
Fossil or nuclear energy is being used efficiently by converting it into electricity through high-efficiency conversion devices and supplying it from close range to mass consumption areas. On the other hand, due to the lack of large-capacity storage and long-term storage, there is an inefficient factor that requires a significant amount of spare power to be secured and operated against power peak usage.

태양전지, 풍력 등 재생에너지의 경우 생산밀도가 상대적으로 작고 계절적, 환경적 요인에 따라 변동성이 크며 에너지 소비지역에 근접하는 등 활용에 제약이 많습니다.
For renewables such as solar cells and wind power, there are many constraints on utilization, such as relatively small density of production, large variability depending on seasonal and environmental factors, and close to energy consumption areas.

발생된 에너지를 수소로 변환하여 저장하고, 필요에 따라 수소를 통해 전력을 생산함으로써 위의 두 가지 문제를 동시에 해결할 수 있습니다. 즉, 전력과 수소 에너지의 상보적 관계를 활용하여 전체 에너지의 효율적인 사용을 보장함으로써 탄소 중립 실현을 가속화할 수 있습니다.
The above two issues can be solved simultaneously by converting the generated energy into hydrogen and storing it, and generating power through hydrogen if necessary. That is, the complementary relationship between power and hydrogen energy can be leveraged to ensure the efficient use of the entire energy, thereby accelerating the realization of carbon neutrality.

이와 같은 배경으로, LG는'13 기후행동'을 중심으로 한 활동을 통해 지속 가능한 발전을 실현하고 자하며, 기후 변화 방지를 위한 수소에너지에 대한 연구개발을 통해 사회에 기여하고자 합니다. 
기존의 화석 또는 원자력 에너지의 공급망은 수소기술로 인해 더욱 다양한 형태의 새로운 Value Chain이 형성 될 것 이고 이종 산업 간 협업이 생겨날 것으로 예상됩니다. 
Against this background, LG aims to realize sustainable development through activities centered on '13 Climate Action' and contributes to society through research and development on hydrogen energy to prevent climate change.
The existing supply chain of fossil or nuclear energy is expected to form a new value chain in more diverse forms due to hydrogen technology and to create collaboration between heterogeneous industries.

그림은 수소기술에 대한 Value Chain을 나타냅니다. 많은 영역의 많은 기술 중에 LG Japan Lab 은 수소 생산을 위한 수소 기술에 주목합니다. 이는 에너지 신시대를 향해 에너지 자원은 「채굴 한다」라는 것에서  「생산하다」 라는 것으로 크게 바뀐다고 생각하기 때문입니다.
Figure shows the value chain for hydrogen technology. Among many technologies in many areas, LG Japan Lab focuses on hydrogen technology for hydrogen production. This is because we think energy resources will change significantly from "mining" to "producing" toward the new energy era.

보다 빠른 수소 에너지의 사회 구현 실현을 위해 Global한 공조나 산학관 각 섹터 간 공동연구, Open Innovation 등 다양한 협동이 요구되고 있습니다. 제조 강국인 일본과 한국의 역량을 합쳐 이 변혁을 선도해 나가고자 합니다.
In order to realize a faster society of hydrogen energy, various co-operations such as global cooperation, joint research between industry and academia, and open innovation are required. We want to lead this transformation by combining the capabilities of Japan and Korea, which are manufacturing powerhouses.
